Can you spare a minute? I'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us.
spare,minute,discuss,of,importance,to
ちょっと時間を割いてくれませんか？二人にとって大事なことを話し合いたいんです。
It may seem trivial to you but for me it's worth paying attention to.
seem,trivial,worth,paying,attention,to
あなたには些細なことに思えるかもしれませんが、私にとってそれは注意すべきことなんです。
As far as Bob is concerned, anything goes. By contrast, Jane is very cautious.
As,far,as,anything,goes,contrast,cautious
ボブについて言えば、彼はどんなことでも受け入れるタイプだが、対照的にジェーンはとても慎重派だ。
After an awkward pause, Bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs.
awkward,pause,took,by,the,hand,dragged,upstairs
気まずい沈黙の後、ビルは彼女の手を取って上の階に引っ張って行った。
Bill just wanted to comfort Monica, but she interpreted it as romantic interest.
comfort,interpreted,romantic,interest
ビルはただモニカを慰めたかっただけなのに、彼女は彼が自分に気があるのだと解釈した。
After making sure she was sound asleep, he crept out of the room and set off.
making,sure,sound,asleep,crept,set,off
彼女が熟睡しているのを確かめて、彼はこっそり部屋を抜け出して旅立った。
Between you and me, Lisa, I came across Nick passionately embracing a woman.
Between,you,and,me,came,across,passionately,embracing
ここだけの話だけど、リサ、女の人を熱く抱擁してるニックを見ちゃったんだ。
Such a remark is open to misunderstanding.
remark,open,to,misunderstanding
そういう発言は誤解を招きやすい。
"I can't stand it anytmore!" "Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible."
stand,anytmore,Calm,down,come,over,as,as,possible
「もう我慢できないっ！」「落ち着けよ。すぐそこに行くから。」 
Don't take it literally. He is inclined to exaggerate.
literally,inclined,to,exaggerate
そんなこと真に受けちゃだめだよ。彼は大げさに言う傾向があるから。
"You should apologize to Lisa for making fun of her." "You went too far this time.Yeah .. I will, sometime when she's in a better mood."
apologize,making,fun,of,went,too,far,sometime,in,a,better,mood
「リサを馬鹿にしたことを謝るべきだわ。今回はやりすぎよ。」「ああ、そうするよ。その内彼女の機嫌が直ったらね。」 
"Lisa, are you getting along with Nick?" "Once in a while, I think of divorcing him." "You must be kidding!"
getting,along,with,Once,in,a,while,think,of,divorcing,You,must,be,kidding
「リサ、ニックとうまくやってる？」「時々、離婚を考えることがあるわ。」「冗談だろ！」 
In tears, she tore up his letter and threw it away.
In,tears,tore,threw,away
彼女は泣きながら、彼からの手紙をめちゃくちゃに引き裂いて捨てた。
